happy birthday mother sure start and I
got a good deal through a lady at work
really you stole digital camera man who
still use these absolutely I love this
one crazy to think what you could do if
you did this for a full-time job just a
poor artist that's a beautiful car sir
yeah oh you beauty talk to me black car
doc for real
everything cool on your end yeah they're
just getting their salads now me
so soon Maserati I'll be right up
I'm sorry he's got a girl of his
change'll Finch what were you doing to
this guy's house I'm just robbing so
we're investigating a girl turns up in
the office
sorry to disappoint you you're gonna
stay on the right you're gonna keep
searching for the girl stop harassing oh
[Music]
it's wrong
we're not safe do love us it's all good
I got your back
crazy people get hot you know why you're
not in their little Jail right now
because you're in mind
he's gonna kill you I'm gonna guess who